You live in London when ...

You say "The City" and expect everyone to know which one.
You have never been to The Tower or Madame Tussauds, but love Brighton.
You say "The Tower" and expect everyone to know which one.
You can get into a four-hour argument about how to get from Shepherds Bush to a pub in Elephant & Castle at 15:30 on Friday, but can't find Dorset on a map.
Prostitutes and homeless people are invisible.
You step over people who collapse on the tube.
You believe that being able to swear at people in their own language makes you multi-lingual.
You've considered stabbing someone.
Your door has more than three locks.
You consider eye contact an act of overt aggression.
You call an 8x10 plot of patchy grass a garden.
You know where Karl Marx is buried.
You consider Essex the countryside.
You're paying £1,200 a month for a flat the size of a walk-in wardrobe and you think it's a bargain.
You pay more each month to park your car than most people in the UK pay in rent.
You haven't seen more than twelve stars in the night sky since you went camping as a kid.
You own hiking boots and a 4WD vehicle, neither of which have ever touched dirt.
You pay £3 without blinking for a beer that cost the bar 28p.
You have 27 different take-out menus next to your telephone.
The UK west of Heathrow is still theoretical to you.
You're suspicious of strangers who are actually nice to you.
You haven't cooked a meal since helping Mum last Christmas with the turkey.
Your idea of personal space is no one actually standing on your toes.
£50 worth of groceries fits in one paper bag.
You have a minimum of five worst-cab-ride-ever stories.
You don't hear sirens anymore.
You've mentally blocked out all thoughts of the city's air quality and what it's doing to your lungs.
Your house cleaner is Russian, your grocer is Korean, your deli man is Israeli, your landlord is Italian, your favourite bartender is Irish, your favourite diner is Greek, the watch-seller on your corner is Senegalese and your favourite falafel guy is Egyptian.
You wouldn't want to live anywhere else until you get married.